Update "Switch to a preview channel to test upcoming APIs and features" (#1557)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/how-to/set-preview-channel.md

These approaches are described below.

### Browser executable folder

> The browser executable folder option allows you to specify a known folder containing runtime binaries. This folder can be the installed location of the WebView2 Runtime, a preview channel of Microsoft Edge, or it can be a folder containing fixed version binaries that you have deployed to the machine yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One approach is to use a browser executable folder.  In this approach, you specify a folder that contains runtime binaries. This folder can be any of the following locations:
*  The installed location of the WebView2 Runtime.
*  A preview channel of Microsoft Edge.
*  A folder containing fixed version binaries that you have deployed to the machine yourself.
```

> If setting the browser executable folder to a specific preview channel of Microsoft Edge, you will need to update the location when that preview channel updates to a newer version. This is because the location includes the version as part of its path. For this reason, we recommend this approach for local testing only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set the browser executable folder to a specific preview channel of Microsoft Edge, you will need to update the location when that preview channel updates to a newer version. This is because the location includes the version number as part of its path. Therefore, we recommend using this approach for local testing only.
```
